Reply adaptive sample ready for integration to compose samples. (#882)
android/compose-samples: Reply/README.md

# Reply sample

This sample is a [Jetpack Compose][compose] implementation of [Reply][reply], a material design study for adaptive design.

To try out this sample app, you need to use 
[Android Studio Canary](https://developer.android.com/studio).
[Resizeable Emulator](https://developer.android.com/about/versions/12/12L/get#resizable-emulator)
You can clone this repository or import the
project from Android Studio following the steps
[here](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/compose/setup#sample).

This sample showcases:

* Adaptive apps for mobile, tablets and foldables 
* Material navigation components
* [Material 3 theming][materialtheming] & dynamic colors.

## Screenshots

> <img src="screenshots/reply.gif"/>

Reviewer: I would just change the title to "Designs" then

Reply is using all material 3 components including different type of FAB for different screen size and states.
* [`LargeFloatingActionButton`](app/src/main/java/com/example/reply/ui/ReplyListContent.kt#100) is used along with bottom navigation ber.
* [`FloatingActionButton`](app/src/main/java/com/example/reply/ui/navigation/ReplyNavigationComponents.kt#87) is used with Navigation rail for medium to large tablets.
* [`ExtendedFloatingActionButton`](app/src/main/java/com/example/reply/ui/navigation/ReplyNavigationComponents.kt#214) is used in Navigation drawer for large devices.

#### [Data](app/src/main/java/com/example/reply/data)
Reply has static local data providers for [email](app/src/main/java/com/example/reply/data/local/LocalEmailsDataProvider.kt) and [account](app/src/main/java/com/example/reply/data/local/LocalAccountsDataProvider.kt) data. It is also using repository pattern where [EmailRepository](app/src/main/java/com/example/reply/data/EmailsRepository.kt) 
emits the flow of email from local data that is used in [ReplyHomeViewModel](app/src/main/java/com/example/reply/ui/ReplyHomeViewModel.kt) to observe 

> it in view model scope. ViewModel expose this data to ReplyApp composable via [state flow](app/src/main/java/com/example/reply/ui/ReplyHomeViewModel.kt#34).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it in view model scope. The `ViewModel` exposes this data to ReplyApp composable via [state flow](app/src/main/java/com/example/reply/ui/ReplyHomeViewModel.kt#34).
```
